Manasseh was 12 years old when he became
king and he reigned 55 years in
Jerusalem his mother's name was
Hephzibah and he did evil in the sight
of the Lord according to the
abominations of the nations whom the
Lord had cast out before the children of
Israel for he rebuilt the high places
which Hezekiah his father had destroyed
he raised up altars for bail and made a
wooden image as a hab king of Israel had
done and he worshiped all the hosts of
heaven and served them he also built
altars in the house of the Lord of which
the Lord had said in Jerusalem I will
put my name and he built altars for all
the hosts of heaven in the two courts of
the house of the Lord also he made his
son passed through the fire practice
soothsaying used witchcraft and
consulted spiritists and mediums he did
much evil in the sight of the Lord to
provoke him to anger he even set a
carved image of a Shira
that he had made in the house of which
the Lord had said to David and to
Solomon his son in this house and in
Jerusalem which I have chosen out of all
the tribes of Israel I will put my name
forever and I will not make the feet of
Israel wander any more from the land
which I gave their father's only if they
are careful to do according to all that
I have commanded them and according to
all the law that my servant Moses
commanded them but they paid no
attention
and Manasseh seduced them to do more
evil than the nation's whom the Lord had
destroyed before the children of Israel
and the Lord spoke by his servants the
prophets
because Manasseh king of Judah has done
these abominations he has acted more
wickedly than all the amorite who were
before him and has also made Judas in
with his idols therefore thus says the
Lord God of Israel behold I am bringing
such calamity upon Jerusalem and Judah
that whoever hears of it both his ears
will tingle and I will stretch over
Jerusalem the measuring line of Samaria
and the plummet of the house of Ahab I
will wipe Jerusalem as one wipes a dish
wiping it and turning it upside down so
I will forsake the remnant of my
inheritance and deliver them into the
hand of their enemies and they shall
become victims of plunder to all their
enemies because they have done evil in
my sight and have provoked me to anger
since the day their fathers came out of
Egypt even to
[Music]
moreover Manasseh shed very much
innocent blood till he had filled
Jerusalem from one end to another
besides his sin which he had made
Judas sin in doing evil in the sight of
the Lord are the rest of the acts of
Manasseh all that he did and the sin
that he committed are they not written
in the book of the chronicles of the
kings of Judah
so Manasseh rested with his father's and
was buried in the garden of his own
house in the garden of oz' then his son
Ammon reigned in his place Ammon was 22
years old when he became King and he
reigned two years in Jerusalem his
mother's name was Michelle amath the
daughter of Harris of Jodhpur and he did
evil in the sight of the Lord as his
father Manasseh had done so he walked in
all the ways that his father had walked
and he served the idols that his father
had served and worshipped them he
forsook the Lord God of his father's and
did not walk in the way of the Lord
then the servants of Ammon conspired
against him and killed the king in his
own house but the people of the land
executed all those who had conspired
against King family then the people of
the land made his son Josiah King in his
place now the rest of the acts of Ammon
which he did are they not written in the
book of The Chronicles of the kings of
Judah and he was buried in his tomb in
the garden of other men
Josiah his son reigned in his place
you